Add release notes and bump version for v3.2.1 (#2859)
nomic-ai/gpt4all: gpt4all-chat/metadata/latestnews.md

## Latest News

> Version 3.2.1 has now been released which fixes a bug some users experienced on NVIDIA GPUs producing bad output. The new 3.2 major version brings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 3.2.1 has now been released which fixes an issue with poor quality responses on NVIDIA GPUs in 3.2.0. The new 3.2 minor version brings:
```
